how it went from zero instagram
followers to 300 000 followers and i'm
not talking about buying likes or
followers or comments or any of that
kind of dodgy stuff i'm talking about
purely organic growth not ads literally
organic growth i'll admit that it hasn't
been a smooth ride there's been a lot of
downs a few ups but i've learned a lot
of valuable lessons that made those ups
really high that got me a ton of
followers and i'll break down the things
that have been the most impactful in my
growth so that way you don't have as
many downs as me based on its global
advertising audience reach numbers
instagram has at least 1.3
billion users around the world as of
october 2021.
it's grown by 20.3 percent in a matter
of 12 months which makes it roughly
235 million new users on instagram you
may think it's a bit too late to join
the party
but it's only getting started every day
i see new accounts growing from zero to
hundreds and thousands of followers will
you go to a million right away no that's
unrealistic but you can get thousands
and though the competition is increasing
a lot you can still earn lots of
attention if you do the right things
when i was first starting off at the
beginning i did this experiment i took
content from other channels like youtube
and facebook and i just posted it on
instagram i took image-based content and
i posted it there too i tried lots of
different content types until i started
finding the right things that worked the
best now what i did when i reached 50
000 followers was a bit different i
started doing partnerships with
influencers i hit up other influences in
the same niche not a different niche
same niche and we went live together we
reposted and my followers would go to
their pages and start following them or
their profiles and their followers would
go to my profile and start following me
here's some of the simple things i did
in addition to partnerships i also when
i started hitting 50 000 followers i
started doing twitter screenshots but a
quote on twitter screenshot it popped
that up on instagram as well i also did
image carousels think about an
infographic just broken down into five
or six slides so people can swipe and
get data and you can do that with canva
for free
now when i reach 200 000 followers i
started doing things a little bit
differently reels right back then i
don't even know if reels were out when i
first started on instagram but i started
doing reels and i started doubling down
on doing reels as it was starting to
boom eventually some of my reels work
some of it didn't i quickly learned what
topics people love and what they don't i
also doubled down on partnerships
partnerships were working out kept doing
more of them but with bigger influencers
i also started being guests on other
people's accounts for lives see
originally when i was doing partnerships
i would go live on someone else's
profile and then they would go live on
my profile that's how we cross promote
it but once i started having enough
audience i would just go live on their
profile and not live on my profile and
have them on mine right in other words i
would only be on their account and they
wouldn't be on my account and that
brought in a lot of followers and i
didn't have to go as live as often with
my audience and give them fatigue